add new sso and scim faqs (#8963)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/set-up-sso-saml-2.0.md

### Setting up RBAC

After configuring an identity provider, you will be able to set up [role-based access control](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions) for your account.

> For common questions and troubleshooting — including "Access Denied" after SAML authentication, ACS URL or Entity ID changes, and email verification issues — see [SSO FAQs and troubleshooting](/docs/cloud/manage-access/sso-faq).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For common questions and troubleshooting — including "Access Denied" after SAML authentication, ACS URL or Entity ID changes, and email verification issues — refer to [SSO FAQs and troubleshooting](/docs/cloud/manage-access/sso-faq).
```
